"The difference between fiction and reality. Fiction has to make sense." by Tom Clancy.

Writing and Mathematical Proof Writing have one common things, 
which is about convince why the audience should agree with the message.

In writing, the author have message they want to communicate with the audience 
and they also have the reason why or why don't the audience agree with them. 
Sometimes fiction is the form of writing that does not directly show the concept, 
but show  the concept through how the character interact with each other, and let the audience interpret it. 
Comic and manga is the fiction with artistic pictures.

In proof writing, the author use logic, set, axioms and theorem to show that the statement is true or not. 
The law of proof writing is always well defined.

So I have the idea to create a game about comic and mathematics.
The smallest components of this game includes
1. Set Theory and Logic
2. The Zermelo-Fraenkel axioms
3. Peano Axioms
4. Function (and other maps between 2 sets)
5. Turing Machine and Lambda Calculus
6. The game will include other things, e.g. group theory, category theory, graph theory etc.

The player can use that components to create
1. Conjecture
2. Proof (or disprove) of the Conjecture
3. Question (e.g. find the value of x etc.)
4. Solution of that questions.
There is also the proof assistant (e.g. Lean or my own proof assistant) to check if the customized statement is or is not valid.
Then player can converts that logical symbol in to the visualization animation. 

Here is the visualization Idea 
* Visualization by define visualized Function as map 
between variables (and statement) to R^2 or R^3,or R^4 with customized view and customized colors. 
* Some visualized function only accepts valid type of the domain (statement and variable)
* Visualize R as line, C as plane, number mod integer as polygon.
* Allow the user to Visualize circle as 
 * 0degree = 0
 * 180degree = infinity and minus infinitity 
 * 90degree = 1
 * -90degree = -1
* Also allow the user to Visualize real function as 1D or 2d. 
* Visualize vector and matrix as 2D or 3D arrow. Use time as extradimention. 
* Allow the user to selected the example for Visualization and automated check if the example is valid based on the given statement.
* The proof comic will automatically record each mathematic visualized animation 
  and add the formal statement as the subtitle. It can be imported as Blender file, 
  so the user can modify it and it also accept the Blender file so it can automated the user customized character and setting. 
* The player than can import and edit visualization animation, such that they have their own mathematical comic.
* The game can also create comic (manga, and storyboard) by screen shot and add the formal symbol in the empty panel.  
  User can also use it for editing their proof comic. 
* There are also many idea to add.

Feature of this game 
1. Have Proof Assistant 
2. Have visualization animation.
3. Comic Libery make by other player 
4. Tutorial Comic (How to use this game?)
5. Player can directly connect Git to this game, such that they can import their animation to GitHub.
6. Course on Set Theory, Linear Algebra, Machine Learning etc.
7. Copetition (Solve the game and/or create creative comic)

Related Technology (I might use it directly and/or create similar technology)
1. Blender (Animation)
2. Lean (Proof Assistant)
3. Git (Version Control, in case where multiple player want to create their comic together.)
4. Latex

Other Idea 
1. Create Non Commercial Fan Art (e.g. 3Blue1Brown, Dr Stone, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, Jojo, Star Wars, Attack on Titan, The Imitation Game, 
   other Scifi etc.) that also mainly based on mathematics and this game, then post on YouTube and/or other social media to promote this game.
2. Create original mathematical comic using this game and post on YouTube and/or other social media (e.g. Webtoon etc.) to promote this game.
3. Create the mathematical and science (that directly related to mathematics) discovery as the comic or animation and post it on YouTube to promote it.
4. Make it open source and then gain incomes in alternative ways e.g.
 * Someone want to use this game for Commercial purpose.
 * Gain sponcership.
5. We won't add Language Model and Art Generative AI because 
 * This game is in the early state.
 * We does not sure if the AI encourage the player to learn mathematics or it will do the opposite.
 * In the future version, I might add Language Model and/or other feature to help blind people learn mathematics from this game.

The main purpose of this game is to 
1. Teaches player mathematics and problem solving skills.
2. Cultivate creativity and curiouscity.
3. Entertainment.
4. Visualizing complicate concept.
5. Data Visualization.
6. When the researcher have no idea how to continue they work, they might get the new idea by playing this game.
7. Help the comic artist, Film producer and content creator to create their story board 
   (include non mathematical related content), but that is the least focus purpose.

The first step is to 
1. learning Lean
2. Do the exercise from textbook (mainly about Linear Algebra Done Right, Understanding Analysis and Set Theory) by hand then use the lean and then compare it.
3. Start implement the first version, focus on the Peano Axiom, 
   Basic Set Theory and property of addition and multiplication of natural number with simple visualization animation. (e.g. Matplotlib and/or Manim)
5. Slowly add new feature of the game, continue self study math and draw the new mathematical comic.

Name 
* GaloisGallery

Here is one of the similar project.
* https://youtu.be/KuxFWwwlEtc?si=kNocsSj0rlbXjdg-